The steps that I took to compete this project the first thing I did was that I download the necessary file and run the example that they had, and I tried to understand what the application was doing and how it was doing it. Then I started a new folder with an empty class. I stated to add thing that I know that works like the frame, buttons, slider, panel, and the function of the window where it stops that application when it is exited. I made a method for setting the frame so that I know where it is at if I need to change the window size. I made a method for the buttons so that I know where all the buttons parameters are at. I added all the buttons to the panel and then I had to figure out what layout manager to use. At first, I choose gridLayout but I could not get it to make it look like the example. Then I tried gridBagLayout but I still could not get it to look like the example. Then I tried boarderLayout and that layout manager worked the best for me because I could set the bounds and move it in a between x and y values. Once I got the buttons to the right positions, I added the slider. The slider was the trickiest because I could not get the slider values to show and I tried almost everything that I could find on the internet and it turns out it was only one line of code that I need to show the values. As I got the buttons and the slider to work, I added it to the panel and moved on to the words and boxes. The word was the easiest to add as it was just a JLabel and a parameter to set it to the right position. As I got that to work, I added to the panel and moved on to the boxes as they were also labels but with no values but had a boarder with a color and thickness. The position of the boxes was easy to do but the boarder took a little bit of searching but was found and the boarder was added and added to the panel. The next thing to do was the drop-down menu. The drop-down menu was a little but harder was it had to read in the file and added to the combo box. I did a little bit of searching of an example because we have not been taught of how to do a JComboBox. As I got that to work, I added it to the panel and moved on to the next thing. The next thing that need to be implemented was the text box at the end of the panel. The text box was not hard because it was just a text box with a location. The next thing to implant was the action listener to each button. The add station button was the easiest to implement because all it did was that it take the textbox value and added it to the combo box. The next buttons took a little long to implement because it did more and just add one action. The calculate Hamming Distance was easier to implement than the show station button. But I was able to get it with a little bit of searching. The next thing to implement was the free space. The free space was easy to do was I though of just adding a picture as it was creative and easy to implement, and it was creative to do. Overall this project took several days to implement, test, and make sure it is up to par with the example.       